---
layout: "pureport"
page_title: "Pureport: pureport_site_vpn_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-pureport-datasource-site_vpn_connection"
description: |-
  Manages a Pureport Site VPN Connection.
---

# Data Source: pureport\_site\_vpn\_connection

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "pureport_site_vpn_connection" "basic" {
  connection_id = "${data.pureport_connections.main.connections.0.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `connection_id` - (Required) The ID of the connection. You should use the `pureport_connections` data source
  for querying the list of available connections and discover the ID for the connection.

- - -

* `filter` - (Optional) A filter used to scope the list e.g. by tags.
  * `name` - (Required) The name of the filter. The valid values are defined in the [Pureport SDK Model](https://github.com/pureport/pureport-sdk-go/blob/develop/docs/client/SiteIpSecVpnConnection.md).
  * `values` - (Required) The value of the filter. Currently only regex strings are supported.

## Attributes

* `auth_type` - The Authentication Type to use. (Currently only `PSK` is supported.)
* `enable_bgp_password` - Enable BGP password authentication. (Default:  false)
* `ike_version` - the IKE Version to use. Valid values are `V1`, `V2`.

* `ike_config` - IKE Configuration to use:
    * `esp` - Encapsulating Security Payload
        * `dh_group` - Diffie-Hellman Group
        * `encryption` - Encryption Algorithm
        * `integrity` - Integrity Algorithm
    * `ike` - Internet Key Exchange
        * `dh_group` - Diffie-Hellman Group
        * `encryption` - Encryption Algorithm
        * `integrity` - Integrity Algorithm
        * `prf` - Pseudo Random Function
* `primary_customer_router_ip` - 
* `primary_key` - 
* `routing_type` - 
* `secondary_customer_router_ip` - 
* `secondary_key` - 
* `traffic_selectors` - List of Traffic Selectors for Route Based VPN
    * `customer_side` - The customer side CIDR block
    * `pureport_side` - The Pureport side CIDR block

* `name` - The name for the connection
* `location_href` - HREF for the Pureport Location to attach the connection.
* `network_href` - HREF for the network to associate the connection.
* `speed` - The maximum QoS for this connection. Valid values are 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, 10000 in Mbps.
* `description` - The description for the connection.
* `customer_networks` - A list of named CIDR block to easily identify a customer network.
    * `name` - The name for the network.
    * `address` - The CIDR block for the network
* `billing_term` - The billing term for the connection: (Currently only HOURLY is supported.)
* `high_availability` - Whether a redundant gateway is/should be provisioned for this connection.
* `tags` - A dictionary of user defined key/value pairs to associate with this resource.
* `nat_config` - The Network Address Translation configuration for the connection.
    * `enabled` - Is NAT enabled for this connection.
    * `mappings` - List of NAT mapped CIDR address
        * `native_cidr` - The native CIDR block to map.
        * `nat_cidr` - The CIDR block use for NAT to the associated subnet.
    * `blocks` - List of reserved blocks for NAT.
    * `pnat_cidr` - CIDR use for PNAT between connections.

* `gateways` - List of cloud gateways and their configurations.

    * `name` - The name of the cloud gateway.

    * `description` - The description of the cloud gateway.

    * `availability_domain` - The availability domain of the cloud gateway. The valid values are `PRIMARY`, `SECONDARY`.

    * `customer_asn` - The customer ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `customer_ip` - The assigned IP address to the customer side of the BGP Config.

    * `pureport_asn` - The Pureport ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `pureport_ip` -  The assigned IP address to the Pureport side of the BGP Config.

    * `bgp_password` - The autogenerated BGP password used for authentication.

    * `peering_subnet` - The BGP Config subnet assigned to establish BGP peering.

    * `public_nat_ip` - The public facing IP Address for NAT used by this connection.

    * `customer_gateway_ip` - The public IP address of the customers VPN equipment.

    * `customer_vti_ip` - The assigned IP address to the customer side of the VTI tunnel.

    * `pureport_gateway_ip` - The public IP address of the Pureport VPN gateway.

    * `pureport_vti_ip` - The assigned IP address to the Pureport side of the VPN VTI tunnel.

    * `vpn_auth_type` - The type of authentication used for the VPN Connection.

    * `vpn_auth_key` - The Authentication Key used for the VPN Connection.

The Pureport Guide, []()
