---
layout: "pureport"
page_title: "Pureport: pureport_google_cloud_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-pureport-resource-google_cloud_connection"
description: |-
  Manages a Pureport Google Cloud Connection.
---

# Resource: pureport\_google\_cloud\_connection

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "pureport_accounts" "main" {
  filter {
    name = "Name"
    values = ["MyAccount"]
  }
}

data "pureport_locations" "main" {
  filter {
    name = "Name"
    values = ["Sea.*"]
  }
}

data "google_compute_network" "default" {
  name = "default"
}

resource "google_compute_router" "main" {
  name    = "terraform-acc-router-${count.index + 1}"
  network = data.google_compute_network.default.name

  bgp {
    asn = "16550"
  }

  count = 2
}

resource "google_compute_interconnect_attachment" "main" {
  name   = "terraform-acc-interconnect-${count.index + 1}"
  router = element(google_compute_router.main.*.self_link, count.index)
  type   = "PARTNER"
  edge_availability_domain = "AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_${count.index + 1}"

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = ["vlan_tag8021q"]
  }

  count = 2
}

resource "pureport_google_cloud_connection" "main" {
  name = "GoogleCloudTest"
  speed = "50"

  location_href = data.pureport_locations.main.locations.0.href
  network_href = data.pureport_networks.main.networks.0.href

  primary_pairing_key = google_compute_interconnect_attachment.main.0.pairing_key

  tags = {
    Environment = "production"
    Owner       = "Scott Pilgrim"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name for the connection
* `location_href` - (Required) HREF for the Pureport Location to attach the connection.
* `network_href` - (Required) HREF for the network to associate the connection.
* `speed` - (Required) The maximum QoS for this connection. Valid values are 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, 10000 in Mbps.
* `primary_pairing_key` - (Required) The pairing key for the primary Google Cloud Interconnect Attachment.

- - -
* `description` - (Optional) The description for the connection.
* `customer_networks` - (Optional) A list of named CIDR block to easily identify a customer network.
    * `name` - The name for the network.
    * `address` - The CIDR block for the network
* `nat_config` - (Optional) The Network Address Translation configuration for the connection.
    * `enabled` - (Required) Is NAT enabled for this connection.
    * `mappings` - (Optional) List of NAT mapped CIDR address
        * `native_cidr` - (Required) The native CIDR block to map.
* `billing_term` - (Optional) The billing term for the connection: (Currently only HOURLY is supported.)
* `high_availability` - (Optional) Whether a redundant gateway is/should be provisioned for this connection.
* `secodary_pairing_key` - (Optional) If HA is enabled, the pairing key for the backup Google Cloud Interconnect Attachment.
* `tags` - (Optional) A dictionary of user defined key/value pairs to associate with this resource.

## Attributes

* `nat_config` - The Network Address Translation configuration for the connection.
    * `enabled` - Is NAT enabled for this connection.
    * `mappings` - List of NAT mapped CIDR address
        * `native_cidr` - (Required) The native CIDR block to map.
        * `nat_cidr` - The CIDR block use for NAT to the associated subnet.
    * `blocks` - List of reserved blocks for NAT.
    * `pnat_cidr` - CIDR use for PNAT between connections.

* `gateways` - List of cloud gateways and their configurations.

    * `name` - The name of the cloud gateway.

    * `description` - The description of the cloud gateway.

    * `availability_domain` - The availability domain of the cloud gateway. The valid values are `PRIMARY`, `SECONDARY`.

    * `customer_asn` - The customer ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `customer_ip` - The assigned IP address to the customer side of the BGP Config.

    * `pureport_asn` - The Pureport ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `pureport_ip` -  The assigned IP address to the Pureport side of the BGP Config.

    * `bgp_password` - The autogenerated BGP password used for authentication.

    * `peering_subnet` - The BGP Config subnet assigned to establish BGP peering.

    * `public_nat_ip` - N/A

    * `remote_id` - The ID of the Google Cloud Interconnect.

    * `remote_id` - The ID of the Google Cloud Interconnect.

    * `vlan` - The VLAN id for the connection to cloud services.

The Pureport Guide, []()
