---
layout: "pureport"
page_title: "Pureport: pureport_site_vpn_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-pureport-resource-site_vpn_connection"
description: |-
  Manages a Pureport AWS Direct Connect Connection.
---

# Resource: pureport\_site\_vpn\_connection

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "pureport_accounts" "main" {
  name_regex = "MyAccount"
}

data "pureport_locations" "main" {
  name_regex = "^Sea*"
}

data "pureport_networks" "main" {
  account_href = "${data.pureport_accounts.main.accounts.0.href}"
  name_regex = "MyNetwork"
}

resource "pureport_site_vpn_connection" "main" {
  name = "Some VPN Site"
  speed = "100"
  high_availability = true

  location_href = "${data.pureport_locations.main.locations.0.href}"
  network_href = "${data.pureport_networks.main.networks.0.href}"

  ike_version = "V2"

  routing_type = "ROUTE_BASED_BGP"
  customer_asn = 30000

  primary_customer_router_ip = "123.123.123.123"
  secondary_customer_router_ip = "124.124.124.124"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `auth_type` - (Optional) The Authentication Type to use. (Currently only `PSK` is supported.)
* `enable_bgp_password` - (Optional) Enable BGP password authentication. (Default:  false)
* `ike_version` - (Required) the IKE Version to use. Valid values are `V1`, `V2`.

* `ike_config` - (Optional) IKE Configuration to use:
    * `esp` - Encapsulating Security Payload
        * `dh_group` - Diffie-Hellman Group
        * `encryption` - Encryption Algorithm
        * `integrity` - Integrity Algorithm
    * `ike` - Internet Key Exchange
        * `dh_group` - Diffie-Hellman Group
        * `encryption` - Encryption Algorithm
        * `integrity` - Integrity Algorithm
        * `prf` - Pseudo Random Function
* `primary_customer_router_ip` - (Required)
* `primary_key` - (Optional)
* `routing_type` - (Required)
* `secondary_customer_router_ip` - (Optional)
* `secondary_key` - (Optional)
* `traffic_selectors` - (Optional) List of Traffic Selectors for Route Based VPN
    * `customer_side` - The customer side CIDR block
    * `pureport_side` - The Pureport side CIDR block

* `name` - (Required) The name for the connection
* `location_href` - (Required) HREF for the Pureport Location to attach the connection.
* `network_href` - (Required) HREF for the network to associate the connection.
* `speed` - (Required) The maximum QoS for this connection. Valid values are 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, 10000 in MBps.

- - -
* `description` - (Optional) The description for the connection.
* `customer_networks` - (Optional) A list of named CIDR block to easily identify a customer network.
    * `name` - The name for the network.
    * `address` - The CIDR block for the network
* `nat_config` - (Optional) The Network Address Translation configuration for the connection.
    * `enabled` - (Required) Is NAT enabled for this connection.
    * `mappings` - (Optional) List of NAT mapped CIDR address
        * `native_cidr` - (Required) The native CIDR block to map.
* `billing_term` - (Optional) The billing term for the connection: (Currently only HOURLY is supported.)
* `high_availability` - (Optional) Whether a redundant gateway is/should be provisioned for this connection.

## Attributes

* `nat_config` - The Network Address Translation configuration for the connection.
    * `enabled` - Is NAT enabled for this connection.
    * `mappings` - List of NAT mapped CIDR address
        * `native_cidr` - (Required) The native CIDR block to map.
        * `nat_cidr` - The CIDR block use for NAT to the associated subnet.
    * `blocks` - List of reserved blocks for NAT.
    * `pnat_cidr` - CIDR use for PNAT between connections.

* `gateways` - List of cloud gateways and their configurations.

    * `name` - The name of the cloud gateway.

    * `description` - The description of the cloud gateway.

    * `availability_domain` - The availability domain of the cloud gateway. The valid values are `PRIMARY`, `SECONDARY`.

    * `link_state` - The current link state of the gateway. The valid values are `WAITING_TO_PROVISION`, `PROVISIONING`, `FAILED_TO_PROVISION`, `ACTIVE`, `DOWN`, `UPDATING`, `FAILED_TO_UPDATE`, `DELETING`, `FAILED_TO_DELETE`.

    * `customer_asn` - The customer ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `customer_ip` - The assigned IP address to the customer side of the BGP Config.

    * `pureport_asn` - The Pureport ASN used for BGP Peering.

    * `pureport_ip` -  The assigned IP address to the Pureport side of the BGP Config.

    * `bgp_password` - The autogenerated BGP password used for authentication.

    * `peering_subnet` - The BGP Config subnet assigned to establish BGP peering.

    * `public_nat_ip` - The public facing IP Address for NAT used by this connection.

    * `customer_gateway_ip` - The public IP address of the customers VPN equipment.

    * `customer_vti_ip` - The assigned IP address to the customer side of the VTI tunnel.

    * `pureport_gateway_ip` - The public IP address of the Pureport VPN gateway.

    * `pureport_vti_ip` - The assigned IP address to the Pureport side of the VPN VTI tunnel.

    * `vpn_auth_type` - The type of authentication used for the VPN Connection.

    * `vpn_auth_key` - The Authentication Key used for the VPN Connection.

The Pureport Guide, []()
